Update limitations section for multi-node (#559)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: using-timescaledb/backup.md

`pg_dump` and `pg_restore`. Physical backups may also be used with Write-Ahead Log
(WAL) archiving to achieve an ongoing backup.

> >:WARNING:Timescaledb currently does not support backup and restore for multi-node environments. Care should be taken to ensure third party solutions properly quiesce the environment before backing up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>:WARNING:TimescaleDB currently does not natively support a consistent restore point for multi-node environments. Care should be taken to ensure third-party solutions properly quiesce the environment before backing up, so that the backup point used across nodes does not have outstanding transactions.
```
